Create ui-c8y-1020-2-5-add-permissions-check-for-the-copy-dashboard-action-6493-graft-release.md (#2213)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1020-2-5-add-permissions-check-for-the-copy-dashboard-action-6493-graft-release.md

---
date: ""

> title: add permissions check for the copy dashboard action (#6493) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#6589)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Add permissions check for copy dashboard action
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-59454
version: 1020.2.5
---

> add permissions check for the copy dashboard action (#6493) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#6589)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
To enhance security and access control, a permissions check has been added when copying dashboards. Previously, any user could copy a dashboard regardless of their permissions. With this change, only users with the necessary permissions to create a new dashboard are allowed to perform the copy action. This ensures that users cannot bypass access restrictions by copying dashboards they are not authorized to create from scratch.
```

> Added a permissions check for the copy dashboard action. The system will now verify that the user has the necessary permissions before allowing them to copy a dashboard. If the user lacks the necessary permissions, the copy button will be disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A permission check for the copy dashboard action has been added. The platform now verifies that the user has the required permissions before allowing them to copy a dashboard. If the user lacks the required permissions the **Copy** button will be disabled.
```

---
date: ""

> title: Add permissions check for copy dashboard action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Added a permission check for the copy dashboard action
```
